# Pre-study Notes

## Basic informa

- **Program Name**: BEHI 5008 - Pharmaceutical Engineering
- **Class Schedule**: Fri 06:00PM - 08:50PM
- **Place**: Room 1527, CWB
- Professor: Richard LAKERVELD
  - Ust rank of professor: <span style="color:#999900;">B</span>
  - **Consultation**: Walk-in(CYT2003) or via appointment

---

## Pre-requisites of class



---

## Grading scheme

- Homework assignment(30%): only 2

  Croup study is encouraged, but any submitted work needs to be your own work.

- Participation in-class tutorials(5%)

  This is a participation mark(needs to be completed in person in class)

  Each student has one quota for missed tutorial to account for sickness etc.

- Project presentation(15%)

  In-class on Thursday, May 8, 2026

  Presentation + Q&A(details to be announced)

- Final exam(50%)

  Open book/open notes, covers complete course.

---

## Timeline and sub-group, etc rules

It is encourage to use AI to help you study, but you can’t use ai to finish your homework.

- At least make sure your work is done by you, not ai.



Student group number should be control in 3-4 teammate in group.

---

## Class Context

General principles of drug action how drug cure tissue;

Drug-receptor interactions;

Methods and measurements in pharmacology.



---



# Class 1 Study

## 

Why bioavailability may not be 100% for a tablet？

- The drug which you take in with stay with blood and go to liver at first, and the liver will decompose the drug. (be metabolized)
- The drug may not be completely released from thee dosage form.
- The drug may not fully dissolve in the GI fluids.
- The drug may not completely pass (or be unstable in) the GI barrier into the mesenteric circulation.
- The drug may be unstable in the GI fluids.





How to increase the solubility of solute?

- increase the temperature
- add the solute that polarity matched
- 
